Topic: Contact Manager

Definitions, Acronyms, and Abbreviations
Contact Manager          The name of the website
SMS                      Short Message Service

Funtional Requirement
1. Add: The user should be able to add person's information to the contact manager.
    1.1: User can add a person's name inot the contact manager.
    1.2: User can add a person's phone number into the contact manager.
    1.3: User can add a photo as a picture of the contact.
2. View: The user should be able to view exist contacts in the app.
    2.1: User can see the person's name in contact manager.
    2.2: User can see the person's phone number in contact manager and it should appear when user clike the contact tab.
    2.3: User can view the photo he/she add on the contact and be able to zoom in or zoom out that photo.
3. Edit: The user shoule be able to edit exist contacts in the app.
    3.1: User can change the contact's name or phone number.
    3.2: User can upload a new photo if he/she want to change the photo
4. Delete contacts: The user should be able to delete contact information.
5. Adding photo: The user should be able to add photos for different contacts.
6. Search: The user should be able to search for contacts by contact name.(In Alphabetical Order)
7. Block: The user should be able to block the one they want
8. Call or text: The user should be able to call or text someone by directly click them in the conatct
9. Add groups: The add contact groups function shall allow users to add a group.
	9.1 The system shall allow a user to create a new group.
	9.2 The system shall ask the user for a group name and may ask user for group description and group image.
	9.3 The system shall allow the user to select a contact from the existing contacts.
	9.4 The system shall allow the user to select a contact by searching contact name. 
10. Manage groups: The manage contact group function shall allow users to add contacts to a group. 
	10.1 The system shall allow the user to add contacts to the group.
	10.2 The system shall allow the user to add a contact to the group by selecting from the existing contacts.
	10.3 The system shall allow the user to add a contact to the group by searching contact name.
11. Sort: The sort contact by group name function shall allow users to sort groups by group name.
	11.1 The system shall set the default sort order by the time the group is added, which means the latest groups list first.
	11.2 The system shall allow the user to sort groups in alphabetical order.
12. Zoom in/out: The user should be able to zoom in or zoom out and scroll whenever necessary
13. Choose phone number: The user should be able to select phone number they want to message or call


Use Case DiagraM(Link down blow)
https://paste.pics/fc80f98328a3d03b55ada6b7c0778543

